(music)
(cars honking)
I love going fast.
I love swooping around corners too.
(car honking)
You get the spectators like "oh wow. Look at that guy."
And you feel like batman or spiderman a little bit.
Bike messengers, it's not bad.
Sometimes they give you a heart attack.
I trained for a few years in the Navy in the SEAL program.
It takes a certain amount of toughness
to be a bike messenger.
You ride like me and you're going to get into some
pretty scary situations.
(upbeat music)
You know people are darting in and out of cars
and those doors fly open.
Woah. Sorry dude.
Over the years i've developed reflexes where I can
reach over my handlebars and close the door
if it's opening on me.
The alleycat races that we have in New York
are arranged by messengers.
You usually get a small prize like a message bag or
you know, a few dollars.
I'm usually at the front of the line trying to win.
I don't go out to come in second place.
Second place is the first loser.
Yac? Well the obvious is that any big race he comes to
he's gonna win it.
Like he doesn't just race like, you know, road races.
Like, you know, you see these guys wearing spandex
all twinkied up from head to toe riding through
central park thinking they're bad.
You know, Yac can rock it on the ten speed on the road race.
He can rock it on the mountain bike race,
you know, he's like multi-skilled.
He's a good guy.
In the basic Brooklyn, Queens meaning of the word,
he's a good fellow.
He's always got your back in a fight.
He'll always help you if your bike's busted
and it's something you can fix and he's around.
He'll take a look at it.
Use his mechanical skills to help you out.
He's crowned king of New York City messengers.
Hope you like New York.
Thank you.
Gotta go.
(music)
Everything you think you can do in an airplane,
everything you could even dream up is what I like to do
in my airplane.
To be a good and safe aerobatic pilot,
you have to have 100% concentrative focus.
And that's one of the reasons why I really like what I do
is because it forces me to get rid of all the other sort of
extraneous thoughts and all the mundane stuff
that happens around you during the course of your life,
and get inside this tunnel and think of nothing else
but flying the airplane.
If a woman makes a mistake or they don't do as well,
I think they're under more scrutiny than the men are.
I think you really have to be a little bit better than
the guys to prove yourself.
And I like that.
My friend Leo Laudenslager, the great aerobatic pilot,
told me once there are three things that you can't deal with
Patti and he said there's jealousy, hatred, and greed
and you're going to find all three of those in competition.
You can't deal with it so let it go and don't let the creeps
get you down.
It was the hardest thing in the world to hear my mother
weeping in the background as the judge passed sentence
upon me.
I was lying to my mother stating that I was going to hang
with this guy that I met in high school.
And on one fateful night, I decided to commit armed robbery,
which cost me six years of my life.
While I was incarcerated, I continued to get my education
and I learned how to box.
A lot of guys have been fighting since they been little boys
while I have only been competing for a couple years.
I was able to make up for my lack of experience,
ring experience, from my heart.
Because my heart carried me a whole lot of distance.
Come on. Work a little bit harder than that.
I decided say, no what ifs
I didn't want to be an old man on my rocking chair
saying what ifs.
So I came out here with my goals in mind
and aimed for the Olympics, which I was able to obtain
in a little under two years.
My name is Michael Bennet.
I'm a U.S. Olympic athlete.
I represented us as a captain of the U.S. Olympic
boxing team.
I set that goal for myself and I grabbed it
and I put it in my pocket.
I brought it home to my mother to show her like
look at the good job I did.
A host of other men that I've met along my path
and took time out to invest in me.
I'm trying to give back.
Trying not to allow the streets to swallow them up
because as long as he stays in here he's safe.
He treated me like i'm special.
He write with me, play with me.
And he's like a father to me.
Says you already box. Says you already box you gonna...
Right now you're looking at the future and truly
if God blesses me to bless him you'll see him
somewhere along these lines as being a champion as well
and hopefully in the summer Olympics,
maybe eight years from now.
(laughter)